COMP1531 ASSIGNMENT - ITERATION 1 Meeting Minutes

Week 2 - Allocation of work

auth_login_v1 (winston)

auth_register_v1 (winston)

channel_invite_v1 (darrell)

channel_details_v1 (darrell)

channel_messages_v1 (brendan)

-	Brendan was assigned to only one function as it had more factors to be considered.

channel_join_v1 (kellen)

channels_list_v1 (kellen)

channels_listall_v1 (nikki)

channels_create_v1 (nikki)



Meeting Thursday 4/3/20

Duration	8:30pm - 2:00am

Platform	Discord

Attendees	Darrell, Brendan, Kellen, Nikki



?	Darrell, Brendan, Nikki finished drafting their function tests and code.

?	Kellen drafted function tests.

?	All four attendees needed auth.py to execute and affirm their tests, however Winston did not attend the meeting.

?	Darrell, Brendan, Nikki proceeded to understand Winston?s auth.py code drafted in the previous week.

?	Darrell, Brendan, Nikki modified data.py and relevant code to ensure a consistent format and delivery.

?	Darrell and Brendan modified auth.py on Winston?s auth branch to import data.py and made other relevant changes.

?	Nikki gets channels_create_v1 to work with pytest.

NOTE: 

-	Tell Winston during tutorial/lab to attend the meeting tomorrow night.



Meeting Friday 5/3/20

Duration	8:30pm - 2:00am

Platform	Discord

Attendees	Darrell, Brendan, Kellen, Nikki, Winston (1 hour)



?	Kellen begins code for his functions.

?	Winston understands that Darrell and Brendan altered his code.

?	Nikki writes several tests required for auth for Winston to implement.

?	Nikki completes channels_listall_v1 to work with pytest.

?	Darrell and Brendan also complete their functions to work with pytest.

?	Winston leaves without notice.

?	Darrell, Brendan, Nikki begin reviewing code starting from auth.py and seeing what could be altered to be more pythonic and efficient. Comments are also added where necessary.

?	Darrell and Brendan spot incorrect code in auth.py, specifically with creating unique handles, and fixes that. 

NOTE: 

-	Kellen needs to finish his code

-	Winston needs to code additional tests.



Meeting Saturday 6/3/20

Duration	8:30pm ? 2:00am

Platform	Discord

Attendees	Darrell, Brendan, Kellen, Nikki



?	Darrell, Brendan and Nikki assist Kellen in his code and gets it working with other functions and pytest.

?	Brendan attempts to modify his code to be more efficient.

?	Darrell and Nikki continue reviewing code and adding comments.

?	Darrell, Brendan, Nikki begin to investigate the process of merging to Master. 

?	Many terminal conflicts are encountered during this, but it is eventually realized what needs to be done correctly. 

?	Nikki tells members to add assumptions to a google doc as she begins on the assumptions.md file.

?	Darrell, Brendan and Nikki merge auth.py, channels_create, channels_listall, channel_details, and channel_invite into master.

?	Kellen merges his code to Iteration1 to affirm it works with working functions. 

?	Pipeline takes a very long time with merges.



Meeting Sunday 7/3/20

Duration	2:00pm - 3:50pm

Platform	Discord

Attendees	Darrell, Brendan, Kellen, Nikki, Winston



?	Kellen?s code is merged into master.

?	Darrell, Brendan, Nikki updates Winston on what happened the previous meeting and how we merged his auth.

?	Nikki confirms that Winston has added more tests to auth.

?	Auth branch is merged to master again.

?	The group has some conflicts with master but manages to maintain relevant files.

?	Nikki completes assumptions.md file and merges to master.

?	All tasks are moved to ‘Done?’ in Git Taskboard.



REFLECTIONS

-	Start earlier and read the spec carefully.

-	Make use of social platforms and update each other frequently.

-	Attend all meetings that are proposed.

-	Don’t leave code to last minute.

